How do I register on SmashJob?

You need to have an account to apply for jobs online. Go to VSign Up and create an account. Make sure you read and 
agree to the privacy collection notice. Go to Update Account if any of your personal details change. Once you register 
your details, the information will automatically transfer to any online application for a job.


Can I search for jobs myself?

Yes. Our Job Search lets you locate the latest available job opportunities … in your community or across the world.


What's the best way to do a Job Search?

On the website go to Vacancies. The Job Search page allows you to do a broad search to show all vacancies by just 
clicking the Search button. If you know the employer just select the agency/company. You can do more specific searchs.
Remember, if make your search criteria too specific you are unlikely to get a job match.


How do I apply online?

In Vacancies select the job you are interested in. The Job Details will be displayed. Scroll down and you will see the 
Apply Now button. Click the button to launch the online application. If you haven't registered your personal and contact 
details you will be asked to do so, or to login if you have an account. Don't forget to print a copy of the Job Details 
and Position Description as once the job closes it disappears off the jobs board. See the minimum systems requirements to 
apply online below.


How do I set up a Job Email alert?

You can also receive e-mail alerts as soon as a new job matching your requirements is advertised on the website. Login or register 
then go to Job Emails, specify your requirements and test and then save the profile.
How do I create a Profile?

Is there a fee associated with your services?

No. At no charge to you, we work on your behalf to place you with companies that match your skills and expertise and offer 
an opportunity for you to grow your potential and career success.


What if I am having trouble registering, searching or applying for jobs online?

First of all, make sure your computer meets the minimum systems requirements to view and download documents or send information:

-Internet Explorer V7.x or later
-Opera 8.x
-Netscape 5.x or later
-Mozilla Firefox 1.5
-Minimum suggested speed - dedicated 56K modem
-Minimum Screen Resolution: 800x600
-Attachments: Microsoft Word documents
-PC settings enabled for HTML code, pop up windows, Javascript and medium level security.
-Browser software can be downloaded free from the Internet.

If you're still having trouble, there could be many technical reasons for the problem. We suggest you consult a computer vendor or 
your Internet provider to resolve the problem.

Is your question not listed?

Is your question not listed or do you still encounter problems while applying, please contact us

On Discord: https://discord.gg/GQRAzav
Github: https://github.com/profchydon/smashjob
